This is a simple bash script to aid users with the git and GitHub setup process.  It will do a few things:

* Set values in your global git config:
** user.name
** user.email (used by GitHub to match commits to their author)
** github.user & github.token (used by third-party apps that interact with GitHub and Gist)
* Help you create a new ssh key if one is not found
* Upload your public ssh key to your GitHub account

This script has been tested on OSX Snow Leopard and Msysgit.  You must have git installed before you run this script.

h2. Downloading and running the script

<pre>$ git clone git://github.com/help/setup.git
$ setup/setup.sh
GitHub username not found, please enter: tekkub
GitHub token not found in global git config
Please enter GitHub password for tekkub (this will not be saved):
Fetching API token
Saving GitHub token to global git config
Enter git committer name (return to use 'tekkub'):
Enter git committer email (return to use 'tekkub@gmail.com'):
No id_rsa key found, generate one? (y/n) y

****************************************************************************
*     GitHub highly recommends you use a strong passphrase on your key     *
* Visit http://help.github.com/working-with-key-passphrases/ for more info *
****************************************************************************

Generating public/private rsa key pair.
Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase):
Enter same passphrase again:
Your identification has been saved in /Users/tekkub/.ssh/id_rsa.
Your public key has been saved in /Users/tekkub/.ssh/id_rsa.pub.
The key fingerprint is:
67:f1:d6:da:55:22:e0:7f:22:f5:47:f1:16:a6:59:fc tekkub@gmail.com
The key's randomart image is:
+--[ RSA 2048]----+
|          .   .= |
|         . .  =.+|
|          o oo. *|
|           = + +E|
|        S + = + o|
|         o o = o |
|            . .  |
|                 |
|                 |
+-----------------+
Upload id_rsa key to your github account? (y/n) y</pre>
